georgi banking here we come baby
related costs will be out there
few days on this one goal
thought we needed now we need
more never got past the halfway
point of the season and we're
not doing as well as I hope so
far were riding in the middle of
the pack the shower this
particular trip just to go out
there and give it hell good
reports coming off Georges Bank
save on the 2.com got to fish
today so we're gonna take the
trip maybe get the bites and
short but that's not really what
we want to do we need good
shower now we need climb the
leaderboard can our confidence
deftly will be embarrassed that
were not performing as well as
we should meet every year it's
been the same story over and
over and you know what I'm sick
of the same story
doing this now right
but we have to Georgia's we
gotta make sure you have lots of
provisions one of the beautiful
things about fish a class C you
have a facility like this like a
fun night that you can come to
an end blowing premium ice you
know so wide that holds wheel
wells real clean especially when
you're trying to carry your
product like you in places like
this are you know a dying breed
losses really been based at
built around the fishing
community and cape on advice has
been a huge part of that
thank you guys doing guys
hundred and sixty miles at main
georgie banking please don't
spank me